Everybody in my feed has been dunking on
this post and actually I can see why
because this is really terrible advice
and it is done extremely well. It is
very very popular. Granted, a lot of the
comments are criticizing it, but many of
them are also grateful because what is
being offered here is you can save
thousands of dollars a year and make
yourself more efficient by getting rid
of, you know, software products that
give you data about, in this case, SEO,
like keyword data, which is a kind of
audience research, and instead you can
replace it with these prompts in chat
GPT.
The the reason this is a terrible idea
is because if you take this and you copy
and paste it over to chatevt, it will
confidently give you data that is not
correct. And of course, this is going to
bias you and lead you to make poor
decisions about keywords and competitive
intelligence and site optimization and
all all sorts of things. And that that's
what a lot of the comments and people
dunking on it have complained about. But
I do want to be a little fair to the
fact that there are prompts and things
you can do with AI that can help you in
marketing, just not getting data out of
it, just not producing actual content.
And so these seven things, every single
one of them is terrible. I think that's
why it got so dunked on and because it
was so visible. But hang with me for
just a second. Let's let's say you guys
know I'm obsessed with this ultrasonic
knife um from my buddy Scott
Heimadinger. Like it's, you know, it
becomes sharper than the blade
physically is because it passes this
ultrasonic signal through there and it's
just awesome. Like it's so cool to see.
Yeah. Yeah. And the food release is
amazing. I I got to play with the
prototype and and I think it's just
awesome. So, let's let's just say that
we want to analyze people who search for
the best chef's knife in the United
States and then do some clever things
with that data like this is real data
which you could get from you could get
uh data from your Google Analytics or
your SEO tools or you know other things
just like in this in this you know
dunked on example and then you can take
that real data and use intelligent
prompts to get some of the value that
he's sort of potentially proposing. But
if you have non-real data, things get
really bad. So, okay, take a look at
this. If we go to So, this is this is
data about what people who search for
best chef's knife in the US um have done
on the web, what what social networks
they're on, which search and AI tools
they use, which websites they visit, all
that kind of stuff. Then, we click to
take action.
Um, and my my friend and chief of staff
now, uh, part-time chief of staff,
Christy Bolzinger, worked with Casey
Henry, our my co-founder, and developed
these very sophisticated prompts that
take data. So, if you want to, for
example, if Scott wanted to generate
headline ideas for Seattle Ultrasonics,
he could say, "Hey, I am trying to get
sales. I am BTOC. My product category is
chef's knives. My product is ultra sonic
ultrasonic
chef's knife funnel stage I'm targeting
is consideration and primary traffic
source to the page right now at least is
organic social much of it from YouTube
although indirectly through through
Google search um for the brand and this
is going to be a landing page so now I'm
going to click take action and using all
that information that I just gave it
spark Toro is going to take that plus
the data from the actual audience and
then send it over and you you're getting
results kind of like this, right? But
you're getting it from real data and
real inputs instead of this sort of
faked hallucinated data. The I'm not
saying every one of these is great. In
fact, I don't like the first suggestion.
It sounds too corporate and boring to
me. But I do like this upgrade your
kitchen meth message. I like traditional
techniques because a lot of people I
think who are concerned about the chef's
knife that I've seen at least worry that
they're going to have to change how they
cut. But no, this is traditional
techniques. Dull knives ruin meals. Yes,
thank you. I wouldn't say sonic speed
because ultrasonics is a whole category.
But anyway, like what I'm saying is this
is not data that is false or wrong or
will mislead you. These are ideas which
can get you thinking and that is the
whole that is the whole concept that I
think AI can actually help with is when
you take good data real data about your
customers your audience your keywords
your analytics data your conversion data
your uh surveys and interview data like
any kind of data it doesn't have to be
sparro audience research and then you
say oh yeah I want to brainstorm some
visual content ideas for um Seattle
ultrasonics
And my content goal is to in this case
grow no increase sales and revenue B to
C take action and the customization and
then that um sending that customized
stuff to the AIS is where you get useful
stuff. For any of you who've played with
LLMs and are experts in it, you already
know what I'm talking about. Like you've
done this million times. But for those
of you who are tempted by this type of,
you know, seemingly compelling idea to
save thousands of dollars and become
more efficient and faster, I want to
urge you to instead keep using all these
tools that that he's recommending
against to get the real data that you
need and then pass that information to
an LLM to help you with help you with
ideiation, not actual creation and
hallucination. That's where the real
problem comes into play in AI tool
world.